README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/usi-verification-and-security/opensmt.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/usi-verification-and-security/opensmt)

# OpenSMT2
Copyright 2019 Antti Hyvarinen <antti.hyvarinen@gmail.com>  
Copyright 2009 Roberto Bruttomesso <roberto.bruttomesso@gmail.com>

Project page: http://verify.inf.usi.ch/opensmt

OpenSMT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

OpenSMT2 supports reading files in `smtlib2` format and the theories
`QF_UF`, `QF_LRA`, `QF_RDL`, and `QF_LIA`.  The system also provides an
api; the distribution includes a minimal example how to use the API.

## Compilation

To compile the system from the source code repository, you need a c++11
compliant compiler and the following libraries and headers installed:

 - gmp
 - readline

In addition the compilation system relies on `cmake` and the `smtlib2`
parser on `flex` and `bison`.  To compile OpenSMT2, use the following
command
```
$ mkdir build; cd build; cmake ..; make
```

By default, OpenSMT is compiled without interpolation capabilities.  To enable interpolation, the cmake option `PRODUCE_PROOF` must be enabled. This can be done in the cmake configuration file
`CMakeCache.txt` produced by `cmake` in your build directory or when configuring cmake from the command line:
```
$ cmake -DPRODUCE_PROOF=ON ..
```

With this option OpenSMT supports a range of interpolation options for propositional
logic, linear real arithmetic, and uninterpreted functions with
equality.

### Changing build type
The default build type is RELEASE. Different build type can be configured using cmake variable CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE. For example, to create a debug build use
```
$ cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ..
```


## Unit tests

If you have cmake version 3.11, the build system will construct unit
tests.  These are available through

```
$ ctest
```

## Installing OpenSMT2
After a successful build, an executable, a static library, and a shared library are created.
The path to the executable is `<BUILD_DIR>/src/bin/opensmt`, the libraries are located in `<BUILD_DIR>/src/api`.
To install OpenSMT in your system simply run
```
$ make install
```
The install directory can be customized using cmake variable CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX. The default is `/usr/local`.
This installs the library in the folder `<INSTALL_DIR>/lib` and puts the necessary header files in the folder `<INSTALL_DIR>/include/opensmt`.

If you have questions please mail them to me at
antti.hyvarinen@gmail.com, or to the discussion forum!

Commit message:

Provide support for linking OpenSMT against 'libedit' (#119)
* Provide support for linking OpenSMT against 'libedit'

Signed-off-by: Andrew V. Jones <andrew.jones@vector.com>

* Enabling 'libedit' when building under Travis

Signed-off-by: Andrew V. Jones <andrew.jones@vector.com>

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/usi-verification-and-security/opensmt.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/usi-verification-and-security/opensmt)

# OpenSMT2
Copyright 2019 Antti Hyvarinen <antti.hyvarinen@gmail.com>  
Copyright 2009 Roberto Bruttomesso <roberto.bruttomesso@gmail.com>

Project page: http://verify.inf.usi.ch/opensmt

OpenSMT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

OpenSMT2 supports reading files in `smtlib2` format and the theories
`QF_UF`, `QF_LRA`, `QF_RDL`, and `QF_LIA`.  The system also provides an
api; the distribution includes a minimal example how to use the API.

## Compilation

To compile the system from the source code repository, you need a c++11
compliant compiler and the following libraries and headers installed:

 - gmp
 - readline or libedit

In addition the compilation system relies on `cmake` and the `smtlib2`
parser on `flex` and `bison`.  To compile OpenSMT2, use the following
command
```
$ mkdir build; cd build; cmake ..; make
```

By default, OpenSMT is linked against the [GNU Readline Library](https://tiswww.case.edu/php/chet/readline/rltop.html). Building OpenSMT in this way means that the resulting binary is GPL licensed, and not MIT licensed. To create a MIT licensed build of OpenSMT, you should build OpenSMT such that it links against the [Editline Library](https://thrysoee.dk/editline/):
```
$ cmake -DUSE_LIBEDIT:BOOL=ON ..
```
`libedit` can be easily installed on platforms such as Ubuntu (`apt-get install libedit-dev`) or CentOS (`dnf install libedit-devel`).

By default, OpenSMT is compiled without interpolation capabilities.  To enable interpolation, the cmake option `PRODUCE_PROOF` must be enabled. This can be done in the cmake configuration file
`CMakeCache.txt` produced by `cmake` in your build directory or when configuring cmake from the command line:
```
$ cmake -DPRODUCE_PROOF=ON ..
```

With this option OpenSMT supports a range of interpolation options for propositional
logic, linear real arithmetic, and uninterpreted functions with
equality.

### Changing build type
The default build type is RELEASE. Different build type can be configured using cmake variable CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE. For example, to create a debug build use
```
$ cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ..
```


## Unit tests

If you have cmake version 3.11, the build system will construct unit
tests.  These are available through

```
$ ctest
```

## Installing OpenSMT2
After a successful build, an executable, a static library, and a shared library are created.
The path to the executable is `<BUILD_DIR>/src/bin/opensmt`, the libraries are located in `<BUILD_DIR>/src/api`.
To install OpenSMT in your system simply run
```
$ make install
```
The install directory can be customized using cmake variable CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX. The default is `/usr/local`.
This installs the library in the folder `<INSTALL_DIR>/lib` and puts the necessary header files in the folder `<INSTALL_DIR>/include/opensmt`.

If you have questions please mail them to me at
antti.hyvarinen@gmail.com, or to the discussion forum!
